Please respond thoroughly (at least two sentences for each question) to
the following three questions.

1. Describe an experience you had this semester where you saw the power of
functions.

I saw this when we were doing the chemistry assignment. That particular assignment was 
veru complex in the tasks that it had to comeplete, and it would have been very hard 
to write a program that completes the tasks necessary. By splitting the tasks into small
but manageable functions, it makes the program easy to write and understand. It also makes
it easy to make your code reusable and more efficient. It's hard to put into words, but I 
can't possibly imagine writing programs without using functions at this point. When I 
first learned about functions, I failed to see why they were useful and did not like the 
idea of trying to learn a new and different wat of programming. I now know that I was 
wrong and I love functions.

2. In your judgment, what is the value of test functions?

Test functions serve a very valuable purpose. They allow you to put your functions thorough
a series of tests to ensure that your function outputs expected results. Basically, they 
allow you to make sure that your function correctly answers questions you already know the
answer to. This also allows you to document and show to others that your functions are working
correctly. They will also save you time since you do not have to run your program several 
times yourself to see if it works as expected. 

3. Describe your process for troubleshooting and fixing a program that
has a problem. What is one thing you can do to improve your process?

To be honest, I need to be better at writing test functions for the programs that I write. 
Usually I run the program and see if any errors come back immediately upon running it. If 
so, I will read the error and go the line mentioned in the code and correct the logic or 
syntax. I then rerun the program several times and input information that I know should yield
a certain result. If it does not, I examine my code and try to figure out what went wrong.
If I got better at being in the habit of writing test functions for my programs, I could save
myself significant time. This will be very similar to how I got in the habit of writing my 
programs in functions instead of unbroken code. Practice makes perfect! 