CSE 111 Proposal for a Student Chosen Program

    (This is a proposal. All proposals are written with our best
    knowledge at the beginning of a project. As we progress from the
    beginning to the end of a project, we gain more knowledge, and we
    change some of our proposed ideas. This is part of completing any
    project and is fine.  However, we still must write a proposal so
    that our teachers or supervisors know what we intend to do. Please
    answer each of the following questions to the best of your
    knowledge.)

1. What is the title of your program?

Computer Rock/Paper/Scissors and Tic Tac Toe Game

2. What real-world problem will your program address or help to solve?

Many laptops and dekstop computers these days come with gams like chess, solitaire,
and checkers preinstalled on the hard drive, but they lack other fun and simple
games like rock/paper/scissors or tic tac toe. My goal with this program is to fill
in that gap with a simple and easy to use game program that has both of these games 
within it. I will focus first on the rock/paper/scissors game and the GUI for it and 
then move on to the tic tac toe if I still have time.

3. What will you learn from developing this program?

Through this project I will learn how to create a program in Python that uses a GUI 
and I will also learn how to program simple games that require more advanced logic 
than the text based adventure game that I had to write last semester. Using to learn
functions within a game will also be accomplished by my taking on this task. I also 
hope to further learn how to be a self-guided and independent coder who can come up
with solutions to problems I run into without needed direction from someone else. 

4. What Python modules will your program use?

random, tkinter, pytest (for the test functions)

5. Will you separate your Python program into functions that each
perform a single task?

Yes, there will be multiple functions that are necessary in order to create this 
fully functioning game program. Debugging the code and reusing the code snippets 
will be much easier with them separated into different functions. It will also 
allow for better code organization and better code efficiency. 

6. Will you write test functions to test at least two of your program
functions?

Yes, so that I can insure that the game is functioning correctly and that users
can't cause any errors in the logic.

